display
    - block
    - inline
    - table
    - position
    - flex
    - grid

Flexbox
    - one directional (items flow in one direction at a time)
    - Focuses on the sizing, distribution and alignment of elements inside a single parent element.
    - helps solve layout problems (vertical alignment, column layouts etc) without using hacks like positioning, table, floats, box model etc

Key Terms
    - Flex Container: single parent element with display: flex property
    - Flex Items: child elements (Block elememnts go vertically, inline go side to side but flex items depend on Main axis)
    - Main Axis: Start from far left to the right (Main start to Main end).. flex items are arranged in this axis spanning the Main size.
    - Cross Axis: Perpendicular to Main axis and helps align items in the main container. Cross start, cross end and cross size similar to main.


Flex-Direction
The flex-direction CSS property sets how flex items are placed in the flex container defining the main axis and the direction (normal or reversed).


Flex-Wrap
The flex-wrap CSS property sets whether flex items are forced onto one line or can wrap onto multiple lines. If wrapping is allowed, it sets the direction that lines are stacked.



Flex-Flow = Flex-Direction + Flex-Wrap
The flex-flow CSS shorthand property specifies the direction of a flex container, as well as its wrapping behavior.



Justifying Content Along the Main Axis: How items are distributed along the main edge.



Align Item Along the cross Axis: How items are aligned along the cross axis.



Align Content: How wrapped rows/items are placed.

order

flex-grow
The flex-grow CSS property sets the flex grow factor of a flex item's main size.
This property specifies how much of the remaining space in the flex container should be assigned to the item (the flex grow factor).
The default value is 0 meaning do not cover any remaining space.

flex-shrink
The flex-shrink CSS property sets the flex shrink factor of a flex item. 
If the size of all flex items is larger than the flex container, items shrink to fit according to flex-shrink.
The default value is 1.
value of 0 means don't shrink this item.


flex-basis
The flex-basis CSS property sets the initial main size of a flex item. It sets the size of the content box unless otherwise set with box-sizing.
flex-bais:0 means collapse the element to its smallest possible width given the content, or to zero itself if its overflow is hidden 
flex-basis:auto uses the value of the width in horizontal writing mode, and the value of the height in vertical writing mode; when the corresponding value is also auto, the content value is used instead

flex 
flex = flex-grow | flex-shrink | flex-basis; // 3 parameter
flex = flex-grow | flex-shrink; // 2 parameter, sets flex-basis to 0%
flex = flex-grow | flex-basis; // 2 parameter, sets flex-shrink to 1
flex: initial; // sets flex-grow: 0, flex-shrink: 1 and flex-basis: auto
flex: none; // sets flex-grow: 0, flex-shrink: 0 and flex-basis: auto 
flex: auto; // sets flex-grow: 1, flex-shrink: 1 and flex-basis: auto 
flex: number; // sets flex-grow: number, flex-shrink: 1 and flex-basis: 0%
flex: px value; // sets flex-grow: 1, flex-shrink: 1 and flex-basis: px value 


align-self
In Grid, it aligns the item inside the grid area. 
In Flexbox, it aligns the item on the cross axis.
The align-self CSS property overrides a grid or flex item's align-items value.